Atom & Echo x BaseWork II - September 15
VIEW RECORDING - 26 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/sWx7kE9BkuTqrV6Cqf31czQTrex6rDaS

---

0:01 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I don't have GST. I'll raise a normal invoice for you. And then, one more thing. What is your expected timeline to complete this one?

0:12 - Sudeesh D S
  You tell me, how much time will it take? 18 days it will take. From today. For the first draft?

0:21 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  The first draft will be ready. I'll go date-wise. First draft will be ready by 23. Okay.

0:30 - Sudeesh D S
  V1 will be ready by 23.

0:34 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  After that, we'll have a lot of discussions, iterations, all of that. How your workflow will work. By, I think, three or four, we'll have our product ready.  Based on our discussion, how often we connect, how often we discuss, how often we sit together. Based on that, the timeline will differ.  But three is expected. What happened. Done.

0:59 - Sudeesh D S
  Done.

0:59 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  See. I want to get this up and running as early as possible.

1:05 - Sudeesh D S
  So leave the branding aside for a few more days. Get the base technicalities first, leave the branding aside. I want branding to be included as well, especially when it is facing clients, stuff like that.  So I'm building this animation and stuff. I'll just show you just a second. So can you see? Yeah. I'm building this animation.  So this will be the logo and this will be all. Also, I won't be using Static Logo on the website as well.  Okay, so I'm trying to get these things done. So this will be the logo. Branding, I'm still deciding whether I have to go with this color or we have another color.

2:15 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So this is the website I'm building right now. Clients, testimonials, and also plan. They can subscribe to any plan they want.  If they want 10 LinkedIn posts per month, this would be the plan.

2:33 - Sudeesh D S
  And if they want 20 posts, this would be the plan. And they can add engagement. So stuff like this.  So I'm thinking whether to go with this color or to change something else. But these are the things that I want to be integrated within the app also.  Okay, so I like this. This is something I wanted for a long time, but I couldn't do because of lack of technical abilities.  Right, with GPT. I could do this, so the idea was this with GPT, right?

3:03 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yes, yes. So the idea was do this better, you can send me the file.

3:07 - Sudeesh D S
  This is the SVG animation, if I'm not wrong.

3:10 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yes, I can share you the file. I'll extract it and I'll share you the file.

3:14 - Sudeesh D S
  The idea was very simple. There will be an atom and it will burst into echo. Understood. Nice. Okay, so that was the idea.  The name also implements that, atom and echo. So, I wanted this two years back. But, as I said, I did not have the technical capabilities to do this.

3:36 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  back then, AI was not very- Oh, AI was  back then, I would say. But, I mean, I could do better websites than AI, would say.  But now, I'm nowhere matched to this. I can only think creatively what better I can get on getting to the website.  That part, I can still be better compared to AI. right. I can do That's Yeah. Yeah. But, Building part, AI is far ahead than someone like me.

4:06 - Sudeesh D S
  That is for sure. So these are the things I want to integrate in the OS as well, like OS should open like this.  It feels motivational. So that's what I want. So leave the branding part aside for now. Sure. Okay. I'll give you the branding part by Sunday.  Okay. Okay. You can raise me the invoice, send me the details, I'll share you the money. Okay.

4:35 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And you know about the basic fundamentals on how Base Engine works, You can explain again.

4:41 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah.

4:42 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So the complete platform will be owed by us. We'll be only paying a flat subscription fee. Right? If you want to leave, just let us know one month before.  I mean, that will never happen yet already. It won't happen.

4:56 - Sudeesh D S
  It won't happen. It won't won't Sure. I trust you.

5:01 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And I mean, that's pretty much it. You are an exception. So you can send me this money and look, so we'll build the platform.  We'll not, the subscription will only start once the phase one is completed.

5:19 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. Okay. However you defend terms, make it a little more easy for me so that I can, like, you know, I didn't say anything.  can go easy on the spot. just said. I just said yes. And obviously, like, you know, I'm not saying it is, like, you know, give and take transaction.

5:38 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I'm not doing that here. But I want to handle your ex as well. I want us to, like, you know, grow together so that it looks a united front.

5:50 - Sudeesh D S
  Sure. So that's the idea.

5:52 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  mean, look, the only reason why I say I trust you is because you are not the one who just want me to give you.  are also. good. And then you are asking, that's, I can understand, yeah, that's because I told you, like, you know, I can get trust on you and you can trust how I work.

6:11 - Sudeesh D S
  So that, that will happen eventually when we are building this, right? So, yeah, so we'll work on this. Send me this, I'll clear the payment by the end of the night.  Okay.

6:27 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And then I'll, but tomorrow, EOD, I'll be sending you the complete, this thing, workflow, workflow, the details, whatever features we will have in the phase one.  You just let me know whatever things you want to change and stuff.

6:42 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay.

6:43 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And one more thing, this is just a, this thing, a condition, because look, so in TK, I didn't say anything for that, but I'm building a full-fledged consumer-facing app as well as an operating system for you.  So, we might have to increase this pricing later, right? But you get clients first, let this system work for you.  Once you make money, then you decide whenever you want to.

7:07 - Sudeesh D S
  There will be a time where you wouldn't charge me. I'm very confident about that. See, the more clients I get you, the more money I will be making.

7:19 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And I want to move to AI. I don't want to get stuck in content, but I want to bring content with me to AI.  Look, this partnership, how this will grow. AI alone cannot do anything. You know content very well.

7:34 - Sudeesh D S
  We can build a system. We can build a system.

7:39 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  This is very ambitious, but we can build a system which can do personal branding as humans do, but without any humans.  Yeah, I mean, people have tried that before. They have failed, failed very badly.

7:56 - Sudeesh D S
  But yeah, if that happens, that's amazing.

8:01 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  What is it called? Context engineering?

8:04 - Sudeesh D S
  Not, not, not, no, no, no, no. Context engineering. It is one person, it is one person billion dollar company.  Yeah. I mean, yeah, if we can achieve that, yes. Yeah.

8:15 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So, I mean, look, people failed many times before. The only reason is that they kept on building. They do not had any content experience or if they had a content experience, then they do not have the technical background or something.  Because we have both our synergies can match. And I think eventually this platform, what we are building right now, this will eventually go to that level.  We'll try to build it to that extent.

8:42 - Sudeesh D S
  That would be great. Yeah. We'll, we'll work on that. I have few ideas there, which I'm working on right now, but I'm working for a different model.  I will share those things with you very soon. Once it is at least to a level of like, you know, complete documentation, I'll share those things to you.  Whatever you say. See, there is a workflow within human mindset, okay?

9:05 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Where do you generate ideas?

9:08 - Sudeesh D S
  When you consume a lot. Without consuming, can't generate ideas. Ideas doesn't come out of nowhere, okay? You need to consume or you need to observe.  So now, very less people are observing, more people are consuming, right? The problem is, the more and more you're consuming, you're also forgetting your ideas.

9:30 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Like, let's say, I scroll X for like, you know, five minutes, I get 10 content ideas, okay?

9:39 - Sudeesh D S
  I would get that when I'm looking at a tweet, right? So now, what I want to do is, I want to build an AI system where I provide all these ideas to that AI system and make it think like me, what I like, what are the kind

10:00 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  of tweets I like? What are the kind of subjects I like?

10:02 - Sudeesh D S
  What are the kinds of LinkedIn posts I like? And if I'm looking at a tweet or if I'm looking at a LinkedIn post, what is the idea that I'm getting?

10:14 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  This should happen with the touch of a button.

10:19 - Sudeesh D S
  So I'll tell you what happened recently. One of my friends in WeWork, he built an app called FitSaver. So this is a very unique, it's not unique use case.  This is a very, very huge problem everyone are facing. You see thousands of videos on Instagram. Okay, let's say you see 100 home workout videos today.  You save 100 videos. You would never go back and visit again. Correct. Right?

10:50 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  What he has done is he has built an app. You click on the share button.

10:54 - Sudeesh D S
  The share button will show you the app. You click on that app. The video go and sits in that app.  The AI within the app goes through the video, understand what are the workouts, okay, and if that workout is already in your planned calendar, like, you know, let's say Tuesday is leg day, and that video has leg workouts, the video will go and sit there with the workout explained.  Understood. So Tuesday, you can do these workouts, and for reference, you can check this video. Okay. I don't know why he did not scale it.  It would have been a blast. He just had to play with his branding. He didn't want to spend money on marketing, he just wanted to play with his branding, he didn't do that.  I offered him, I would do it for him. Okay. For some reason, he didn't want to take it forward.  Uh-huh. Okay.

11:50 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  But imagine the videos that you share automatically sits in your workout plan.

11:58 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah. Right? Yeah. It's a good thing, right? AI go through the video, understands the videos, and automatically shift it to, like, you know, your planned workup.  Yeah. I'm doing the same thing for meal planners.

12:17 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Okay.

12:18 - Sudeesh D S
  I see a lot of videos where, like, you know, only 500 calories done in, like, you know, 10 minutes.

12:25 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  This chicken recipe, this veg recipe, this salad, that salad.

12:29 - Sudeesh D S
  I have, like, 1,000 videos, which I have saved, which I have never revisited again, right? So what I thought is, let me build whatever he has built, exact copy for meal prep plan.  Okay. Okay. And use the same workflow to prime the AI on understanding what are the kinds of tweets I like, and what are the ideas I get when I'm liking the tweet.  Let's say I, like, expose, click on the share button that goes and sits on in the app while it is sitting.  On the app, it asks me, like, you know, what is the idea that you get while you are reading this?  Something like that. It can be improved. Workflow can be improved. Okay. And I give the, I give, I explain the idea that I'm getting at that moment so that I don't forget the idea.  A understands the idea, understands the truth, and maybe keep something prepared for me. Understood. And I have one more thing.  Look, so expanding on your thesis that whatever we see, then we, try to generate ideas.

13:32 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I mean, 95% of our, whatever we think is not our own thoughts. It is just external stuff, which we are feeding ourselves.  Yes. Now look, uh, you use Instagram, right? So you have, would have realized this, whatever content you want to watch, it shows you that don't know, but it does.  I didn't get you.

13:54 - Sudeesh D S
  Sorry. Uh, come back again. Okay. If you're feeling too happy, it will show you happy content. If you're going through a breakup, it will show you breakup content.

14:04 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  If you are going, you are doing entrepreneurship, automatically it will understand, it will start showing you. Now, look, so it's the Instagram algorithm, right?  So you do not even have to put your thought, as you said, while scrolling X or LinkedIn. The system will automatically understand on, if you stayed on some post for more than some time.

14:34 - Sudeesh D S
  That would be even amazing. Right? That is the first thing.

14:37 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And second one, it will understand that, yes, if you stayed on a motivational post for a few minutes and read the comments also.  And if you did something which it will recognize the pattern and it will try to understand whether you are thinking in this way or not.  We can test this. How is that? I mean, you do scrolling. The bot will sit on your mobile screen or on your browser screen and it will see what you are doing with your mouse or with your finger.  Then, once you close the app, a pop-up will come on your screen. It will ask you, is it this what you are thinking right now or like that.

15:25 - Sudeesh D S
  If you confirm that, the algorithm will improve.

15:30 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So in that way, your complete thought process can be mapped.

15:36 - Sudeesh D S
  That is much more reliable. Reliable, yeah. But we have to navigate the app permissions for that, especially if you are using iOS and stuff.

15:48 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  It's easy.

15:50 - Sudeesh D S
  I didn't know it's easy, but I mean, maybe on laptop, yes, but on MacBook or laptop, yes, but on mobile.  For iPhone, I have to check. acceptable, but you It's fine. I mean, we can do it. Okay. That's good to know.  It's even better. It's even better. Yeah.

16:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  But look, so just one thing to add. I mean, do not focus on that mean Fala app. That's my, this thing.  That's your call, obviously. I'm not going to say.

16:21 - Sudeesh D S
  Why would you say that?

16:23 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yeah, because look, if we build something by going in depth, right, of something. Look, for example, I am into this product thing, software, tech, very deep.  I don't know anything else. If I know also try to ignore it for some reason. For the first one year when I learned tech, I used to, I tried to build everything, whatever came into Because I always used to have a lot of ideas.  So I built consumer facing apps, client. Placing apps, everything. None of them worked.

17:02 - Sudeesh D S
  The only reason was this, I was not very focused.

17:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  But if we are very focused on this one part, on how content can actually build distribution for people, not by getting limited to LinkedIn X or anything.  We can do it in multiple ways, video, audio, text, anything. If we go to that depth, we can actually create a lot of value.  I mean, we can have our own vote. We can differentiate ourselves. Look, you just tell me one thing. Do you feel and do you think that this content, complete content thing, mean, LinkedIn, for example, building personal brands on LinkedIn, how big is this market?

17:51 - Sudeesh D S
  I mean, considering how fast the AI is growing, I would say it's more than a billion dollar market. More than a billion dollars.

18:01 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And secondly, I mean, do you feel the demand will grow?

18:07 - Sudeesh D S
  It will, especially with the AI slot. Correct. You believe that. Let's bet on this.

18:15 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Why do we look at different things? Because look, if we go on building a meal prep app, we have to understand the nuances.  We have to go in depth of that. And we'll never be able to achieve that depth because we already have something else going in background.  So that is one thing which I faced a lot of times, which I have faced right now also. I try to avoid as much as everything I can.  Try to minimize everything. So the chances of getting successful are very high.

18:57 - Sudeesh D S
  And look, so, for example, for

19:00 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Uh, you told me the nice thing, right? The small business thing, start of the meeting. Oh, the only thing which I got it because when I was, uh, starting BaseWorks, right after failing all of that.  Uh, so, uh, I was speaking with one of my friends. He said, what, who will you be targeting? I said, I'll target all businesses.  He said, will not be successful in this one because I mean, if I am not focused enough, I'll not get anything.  So I said, okay, I'll, if that is the case, so I'll only target finance people. That is the industry I understand, right?  Let me only focus on that and then probably things might work. I was not confident by that time also, but it worked out well.

19:49 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah. I mean, that's the reason I want to let go of outbound as well, because I wanted to focus only on personal branding.  It's too much of distraction if I'm focusing on outbound. Outbound within the agency. So when I had a co-founder, he was brain behind Outbound.  I was just working on the strategy, whom to target, what should be the copy, and what should be the start of the sentence.

20:16 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Why not to use AI personalization?

20:19 - Sudeesh D S
  Why instead use your own brain to ignite the conversation? This is the stuff I was doing, and it mostly, again, comes under content.  Yeah. Right. So use the brain behind the infrastructure. Correct.

20:35 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  See, it's not too hard for me to like, you know, I know the infrastructure already, but it's not too hard for me to go in deep depth.

20:44 - Sudeesh D S
  Correct. But I don't want to manage both Outbound and personal branding. It doesn't make sense. It ruins the value of what we'll be able to create only by focusing on personal branding.  Personal branding. Yeah. I mean, look, this personal branding thing has a lot of value. Absolutely.

21:00 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Why I say this, there is a trend. Many people who are graduating out of college, everyone wants to be an entrepreneur right now.

21:10 - Sudeesh D S
  Yes. There are less jobs in market. There are no jobs. More people will become entrepreneurs. Building is not a good.  Distribution is. Distribution is the good.

21:24 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And if you become very efficient in building distribution, no one can beat us. We can beat that, this one, right?  You know, these, what they call them, stockist, you know, Maggie HUL and all of that. Yeah.

21:45 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. So they have their marketing channel, TV ads and all of that. Yes. Then they have an offline retail, these things, a complete chain.

21:54 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So there comes the first state level distributor and then the stockist and all that chain continues. The most powerful person in that chain is the stockist and the state level guy.  Okay.

22:05 - Sudeesh D S
  They make a of money.

22:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  They make a lot of money and they have a lot of influence too.

22:09 - Sudeesh D S
  They are more powerful than the company itself.

22:12 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So what you're saying is tomorrow if I go to them and say like, you know, hey, instead of Maggie, promote item noodles.

22:23 - Sudeesh D S
  What if I tell like, you know, they'll make more money than what they're making with Maggie. Then they will do.  HUL will go for us for short, right? They have that kind of power, right? You know about this one, Udan, right?  B2B wholesale platform. No one agreed to that.

22:43 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Parleji didn't agree to sell on Udan because they had all that chain.

22:47 - Sudeesh D S
  These guys opposed to them that don't sell online.

22:51 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  If you sell online, your complete offline distribution will close and they never sold online anything. Parleji.

23:00 - Sudeesh D S
  So these guys are that powerful.

23:03 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And just think of yourself now. If you have a distribution, if you help people build distribution, how big it can become for them, how valuable item and echo can be.

23:16 - Sudeesh D S
  Makes sense. Makes sense. See, that's what I'm reflecting on as well.

23:20 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I'm planning to expand into Instagram and X, not just be on LinkedIn.

23:28 - Sudeesh D S
  That's the target as well.

23:29 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Be as much as creative as possible.

23:32 - Sudeesh D S
  So I'm working on an idea of a podcast where I'll be interviewing and testing the products which haven't launched yet.  Not the products which are already launched, but the products which haven't launched yet. Have the document ready and release it on the day when they are launching the product.  Okay. So this particular flow, what will happen is... In the podcast, it will be non-linear. It won't be linear.  So first minute, I'll be testing the product. Second minute, I'll be talking to the founder. So the text will be non-linear so that it doesn't feel bored.  I want it to be a cinematic experience for people when they're looking at the podcast. So I want to go all in on content.  Me being up, be the face of whatever I'm building. And distribute it across X, Instagram, LinkedIn, wherever is possible.  So that's the thought I'm reflecting on as well. Instead of carrying the outbound on my shoulders. So that is the thought I have.  Anyway, I'm reflecting on the same thing. Maybe I wanted to try that because I wanted to understand how the entire app building flow works.  Yeah, but yeah, that I mean. That's a luxury, right? Once we retire, we can do a lot of that.

25:05 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. We can do that later.

25:08 - Sudeesh D S
  Yes. Makes sense. Fine, Aravind. It was great talking to you. Please share the invoice. Please share the notes of both the meetings.  I'll just go through it. I have a lot of points that I wanted to note it down. I'll go through it and I'll note it down.  I'll share. I'll send the money by the end of the day. You can start the work.

25:32 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  We'll work on this. We'll build something great.

25:35 - Sudeesh D S
  Sure. Okay. Fine, Aravind.

25:38 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I'll just send you your transcript and also the summary so you can do it.

25:44 - Sudeesh D S
  Done. Also, text a follow-up with Nishant. It will be a good client because he can get you more clients.  Sure. I'll speak with you. Okay. Okay. Fine. Fine. Thank you. Thank you. you.