Atom & Echo x BaseWorks - September 15
VIEW RECORDING - 60 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/-KPexcu2MytRJey24fVHbGb9Zg4EsQZR

---

0:00 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Can share the notes with me as well, after the call? Sure, sure, sure.

0:06 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. How are doing all the things?

0:13 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Sorry, you're not audible. Just a second. Can you hear me now? Yeah, my mic was a little bit down.  Yeah. Why are you in Electronic City, by the way?

0:29 - Sudeesh D S
  So when we started our first startup, right, one of my co-founders was staying here only.

0:35 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So when I came to Bangalore, directly shipped it here. And after that, we are still here only. Please consider moving somewhere near the Central District.  Sure, sure, for sure. will move because all of our clients are in that part only.

0:52 - Sudeesh D S
  It takes a lot of time to travel and all. It will be very difficult for you guys to, like, consider Domlur or maybe, like...  Parts of BTM, at least. Yeah. BTM, we are planning. BTM is fine, right? Better than Electronic City. Yeah. It's too bad.  So our things, did you get a chance to talk to Nishant? Yeah, I spoke with him.

1:19 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  We had actually, just a second, I asked for a call on Friday. So he said he will be free after 7pm on Friday.  And he let me know. But I didn't get back anything from him till now. So I'm still waiting.

1:43 - Sudeesh D S
  You have to follow up a lot. Sure, sure. That's fine. I was about to ask you only.

1:50 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Because many people do not, I mean, like.

1:53 - Sudeesh D S
  No, no. Follow up. Follow up. Talk to him. Follow up. Okay. That's fine. He needs it, okay. I would rather have you close in before anyone else.  Sure, sure, sure. If we three sit together, I can close in for you. Sure. I mean, I thought that he must be busy or something with some projects, so.  If you text him today and ask him if he can meet you tomorrow or day after tomorrow, I can assist, like, you know, I can meet you guys as well.  From Friday, I won't be available till Monday again. So, just talk to him once, let's see. And ask him.  Okay, fine. I'm talking to my brother. have to discuss with him yet. I might need one more call with you, with my brother, to show a demo.  Sure. There are a couple of things that I want to talk to you.

2:48 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  First and foremost thing, let me start with that.

2:52 - Sudeesh D S
  I told you, you know, about having a title as partner at BaseWorks.

2:58 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Correct.

2:59 - Sudeesh D S
  Great. Thank Okay, I'm thinking to have that on X. Are you guys active on X?

3:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I have an account, but I'm not. Okay, so I'm thinking to be more active on X now because for any AI-related work, X is the best platform.

3:19 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. Okay.

3:23 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  As a LinkedIn guy, I mean, I shouldn't say this, but X is better than LinkedIn when it comes to things related to AI.

3:29 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah.

3:30 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Okay, so I'll be taking forward there, and I'll be talking more about AI, and I'm thinking to call whatever you build as AI-native operating system for small businesses.

3:43 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah. Will that be a right phrase?

3:48 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  That will be a right phrase, AI-native operating systems, but not for small businesses. Done. know. Yeah.

3:57 - Sudeesh D S
  Uh... The, I mean, these are operating systems which can automate any business. Yeah, but why? Okay. Okay. Not in that sense.  Why I chose small businesses? to mid-sizes. Okay.

4:13 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Small to mid-size is making tight work.

4:16 - Sudeesh D S
  Why I chose the, like, you know, term small business is because having a niche will help you get noticed faster.  Yeah. Okay. So if you say, like, you know, you do it for everyone, you don't get noticed faster. And that's true.  Okay. Small businesses might also be, according to their business terms, it can also be a company with a headcount of 500 people.  Even that can become a small business. And that's true. Right? So it can be anything. The verbatim used here is just to get noticed.  Yeah.

5:00 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  From people. So there's just a second, just a second.

5:04 - Sudeesh D S
  I'll connect my charger record. Sure.

5:32 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Sorry, sorry. So there's only interruption.

5:35 - Sudeesh D S
  No, no problem. Yeah.

5:38 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So I mean, better than small business, because when I'm looking on the internet, right? There are many founders who are doing this small business kind of thing.  We can come up with obviously a better word for this. We can definitely come up with a better word.  I will do research on that. And will you be open to have the same branding for your ex and my ex and if you have a co-founder, his ex?

6:08 - Sudeesh D S
  Sure. Same. What do you mean by same branding? Branding in the sense of banner, the keywords, everything. Yeah. Okay.  See, I want to take this very seriously. Okay.

6:24 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I mean, whatever I'm doing so far, I'm doing because I love writing content.

6:30 - Sudeesh D S
  Correct. Okay.

6:32 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So, when it comes to the aspect of the money, it's not like I'm making a great deal amount of money here.

6:39 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. It's good. We survived a four to five members team so far. So, it did well, I would say.  Yeah. It helped me move into a better house. It helped me get a car, stuff like that.

6:56 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  But now, I don't want to just do what I enjoy, but I also

7:00 - Sudeesh D S
  who want to make money. I got married recently, 20 days back.

7:05 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So I want to make as much money as possible.

7:10 - Sudeesh D S
  That's the agenda.

7:11 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And I want to move into innovative space.

7:15 - Sudeesh D S
  I don't want to get stuck in content. I want to move into innovative space with the creativity. Okay. So when I met you, I felt like, okay, this is a service that I could sell.  Right. And you might, like, you might be good at sales also. But one problem that I have faced as a freelancer and as a one-person guy in my previous ventures is not having someone to take care of one particular segment of.  Either building something or doing sales. When one person does both, you can't scale.

7:51 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Correct. I'll obviously feel very inefficient when I have to do this.

7:55 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah. See, it's very difficult. Okay. We have faced that. Even as an agent. Agency, we have faced that. Even when we had three, four people, we have faced that.  Okay, that is always there. So I thought like, you know, okay, you might be getting your clients from your side, but once I prove that, you know, I'm good enough to take care of the sales part entirely, you will drop your part and focus only on getting better at what you're building.  Sure. Right?

8:26 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Whatever you have built for Chetan might be very good, but when you focus only on building stuff, you can build the same OS in an extraordinary level in future.

8:39 - Sudeesh D S
  Right? So that should happen. And my point is, I want to be the point where I will get you as many leads as possible.  Not leads, as many clients as possible. So that's my target.

8:53 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yeah. Okay.

8:54 - Sudeesh D S
  So I'll be doing some changes to my accounts and I want If to take your permission first, I'll be doing some changes from my side, and I'm more than happy to handle your accounts as well, on X, so that your branding happens, my branding happens, we can take care of all those things, but it's the first point.  Second point, I myself want to pay OS for Atamaniko. So that's the main agenda where I got connected with you.  On a subscription level, the first thing I want to have clarity with you is, I'm okay with up to $20,000 per month subscription, but only thing is I can't pay three months up front.  Okay. Let's say we lock a deal today, I'll pay immediately $20,000 as a first month subscription, okay, and every month it continues.  Okay, three months is difficult. So I need operating system for my own agency. And I want to bring everything at one place.  This is something I wanted to build for a long time. But I could not. Because as I told you, we can't focus on everything.  So this is one thing to build trust between us. You get to know how I work, I get to know how you work.  And this trust should amplify. Like, you know, going forward. So that's the reason I thought, like, you know, instead of me building it, I'm not a, like, hardcore developer, but I understand the essence of it, because I come from developing websites background.  Nice. So I keep building small, small, small stuff. If I sit with GPT, Astra, whatever that came out now, I'm 100% sure I can build a decent, at least an average tool for myself.  But I want to work with you because you want to understand, am I worth becoming your partner in sales?  And you will also understand how good you guys are. So it will be easy for me also to pitch to people.

11:18 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I am talking to them.

11:20 - Sudeesh D S
  So this is the idea. So what is happening right now with Atom and Equals, we do founder-led growth.

11:30 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Okay, one is personal branding on LinkedIn, and another one is outbound, generate leads on through email and LinkedIn messages, cold DMs.

11:41 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay, so I had a co-founder who used to take care of outbound, used to take care of content. My co-founder left recently, about a month back, because he got into Clay Bootcamp.  Okay. Do you know Clay? feathers. Go. Dude, you Lead Generation Platform? Yes. Yeah. So Clay is a big deal.  It's like OpenAI for ZDM. No doubt. Yeah. So he got into Clay for a bootcamp. It's a big deal.  It's a six-month bootcamp. So he didn't want any distractions. Yeah. So he kind of dropped out from the agency.  Okay? Yeah. So I'm thinking to let go of outbound process as well. But a lot of my friends are suggesting that, you know, the key point of founder-led growth is both personal branding and outbound.  Don't leave it. Let it be there. You can still hire someone to take care of those things. Right. So that's what people keep saying.  So anyway, that part will be there. But my main focus as of now is managing all the things that I'm doing manually right now.  Okay. Okay. To start with, we use Notion for all the content. For all the client activities. Yeah. Okay. The problem is...  The with Notion is I'm not able to build one content calendar for all clients. Let's say if I open a calendar, the calendar should show Monday you have to post for this disk client, Tuesday you have to post for this disk client.  And when I click on that, it should show which content to post, these things, which I'm not able to achieve on Notion.  It is scattered. And I have to maintain a separate calendar for post each client. And if I put all the client together, again it's another mess.  That is one problem I'm facing. The second problem is not every client is very active on Notion. So every time when I send it to review, they take their own time and Notion is not so good on, it doesn't look so good on mobile phones.  It's not easy to review, not easy to comment.

14:01 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Or if they want some changes, it's not easy to comment. So these are the problems I face when I send it to the client.

14:11 - Sudeesh D S
  So I need a system where I don't want them to log into an app. They just have to get into a URL I send.  If they change the status to approved or something, put their email ID and get in. Okay. Okay. I don't want them to keep getting notifications from Notion.  I don't want them to... Because, see, Chetan doesn't have anything to do with Notion. Yeah, correct.

14:42 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Right? So me bringing Chetan to Notion again is a step for me.

14:48 - Sudeesh D S
  It's a friction. So I want to remove that completely. Okay. So we had this campaign running a few days back where...  We used to offer two sample posts for leads, if they can copy, post it on their LinkedIn, see the result, then get back to us.  Okay. Okay, we had this campaign running. We sent sample posts for more than 100 leads. Okay. And we had to invite every one of them to Notion.  So it was a mess again. Yeah. Right? So that is one part. Another part is client management, invoicing, billing, everything.  For example, for all the clients, we send invoices on different dates. One thing, everything is managed now in Notion.  Like, you know, we have invoices in Notion. We have status of invoices on Notion, everything. Again, like, you know.  If there is a due date, I have to manually follow up, I have to manually send the invoice, I have to manually generate using Google Sheets, right?  I'm doing all these things manually, which is a headache, okay?

16:13 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Because there are so many times where like, you know, I did not send the invoice on port, instead I sent on 14, because I forgot, okay?  I'm very messy in that way. So that is one problem I face a lot.

16:31 - Sudeesh D S
  And another huge thing that is happening right now is, let's say Chetan, okay? For Chetan tools, we spend around 18-20k.  Okay. Okay. So every month I have to keep track of it, and I have to bill Chetan in the invoice.  Yeah. Okay. I would rather have a system where I add the tools I spent in the dashboard, and collect the client.  And while invoice is generated, it considers all this and generates the invoice automatically. You directly consider the cost or you add up anything on that and then charge them?  No, I directly consider the cost. don't add up anything additional on that. Whatever we spend on the tool, we just directly add that.  Okay, so that is another thing that, you know, for example, every month we had a system where we used to add all the expenses in Notion.  That again became a headache. I'm not saying it should be automated, but it should be automated to a point where, let's say, I'm being, like, you know, I subscribe to Chetan's Hayreach.  Every month we forget to renew that Hayreach on that particular date. And these tools doesn't take Indian cards for auto-renewal due to RBI guidelines.  Okay. So Chetan's campaign will be stopped for one or two. So let's say I enter HeyReach as a recurring cost on this date for this client.  I would rather have a notification sent one day prior to renew it. And we manage everything, every login credentials, everything of every client in Notion.  So that needs to be simplified again.

18:29 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  It's so messy. That has to be simplified again. So this is, on surface level, what I want to bring into the OS and add AI, let's say, the meetings that I have with clients.

18:49 - Sudeesh D S
  Let's say I have a task-related meeting with a client and he explains the date. The date, for example, when my  And I'm talking to clients, most of the clients, what they do is they explain the topics, and they say, hey, these posts should go on these dates.  There are days where I forget to put it on Notion. But if we can integrate the meeting notes to the platform, to the OS, the AI can place that accordingly to the calendar, to that client.  Right? So these things will like, you know, maximize the output. Okay. So I will show you how our Notion looks right now.  Sure. And you can even add me as a member if you can.

19:45 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So I can play through it. Sure. So this, I have a few more questions, if you allow me to ask.  Can we go through these ones before you ask the questions?

19:59 - Sudeesh D S
  Let's see. This is, like, you know, the notion we have. Okay. These are the team spaces. Okay. So this is the internal content calendar.  So each content is linked to one guy. Okay. Content status, approval status, content type. Okay. So when you go to each...  these get manually updated, right? Yeah. These all gets manually updated. So when you go into each, it is like this.  All the current hosts is here. Okay. This is Atamanico Password Manager. We have this to each client as well.  I will show you. Okay. We also have this, but we have a separate platform for this.

20:54 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So we have something called, like, OKRs. I want OKRs in the OS because I want to define.

20:59 - Sudeesh D S
  okay. okay. Like, And see the results. Define the objectives and let AI give me the results after six months.

21:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Because anyway, we'll be updating the revenue in the OS.

21:10 - Sudeesh D S
  We'll be updating the clients, right? Whenever we onboard a new one.

21:14 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So OKR with AI can easily know what is happening. Let's say if I define like I need 10 LinkedIn personal branding clients by the end of six months.

21:27 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah.

21:29 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  At maybe like, you know, four lakhs revenue per month.

21:34 - Sudeesh D S
  The tool can easily know whether we have reached that goal or not. Correct. Right. So this is something I would want.  OK. I haven't updated it after 25 June, but this is... I mean, when the systems are manual, right? Yeah.  It's too slow. Yes. Right. Right. There are something called template giveaways. Aravind Stuff that we can talk about later in the future, I was thinking to have a place where I can share the case studies of my clients, because content is there, I update the status of the content as well, like let's say if a content got 1 lakh impressions, or 10 lakh impressions, I update that.  Okay, and everything is there, just on a click of a button, AI can able to like, you know, generate a case study for one particular point.  Understood. So your website is not live, right?

22:43 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  is not live, I'm working on that, I'm working on that, I'll show you that as well. Okay, so we'll have a cross integration with this.  So on case studies, we can do something interesting. For example, if you are onboarding a new client, right?

23:00 - Sudeesh D S
  Let's say there is an employee working.

23:03 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Now, if he has to prepare a pitch for you, so that you can go to the meeting and as a partner, you close the client, so he will just do a one-click, he will go and look into the database of all the case studies or all the achievements which you did for the other clients, it will look into this client's database, it will understand the business and prepare a custom case study on how it happened for the older clients, what we can do for you.

23:35 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah. Amazing. B, I thought of doing this for proposals. Okay. I will show you that also. Just give me, give me something.

23:44 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Please, please note this down somewhere so that I can show you what I was thinking before.

23:49 - Sudeesh D S
  Sure, sure, sure. Custom proposals for each client. I wanted that to be in my website itself.

23:56 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So that even clients, takers, like, like... Heads take us seriously.

24:02 - Sudeesh D S
  That was the idea. will show you that.

24:04 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So here, this is the main OS as of now that we are using. Okay. Redworks, Zainab, Bilal, Vivek, Florian, these are our clients for LinkedIn personal branding.  If I go into Redworks, Chetan.

24:18 - Sudeesh D S
  So this is ours. Oh, you are the one who is managing Chetan's LinkedIn. Yeah.

24:24 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  That's why I thought why it's performing so well. He's getting 200, 300 likes. Yeah.

24:29 - Sudeesh D S
  I'm the one who's handling. I thought he's only writing it. No, no. I'm the one who handles that. So when I took Chetan's account, he had 2,200 followers.

24:42 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Now it's 35,000 or something.

24:44 - Sudeesh D S
  generate at least 1.5 million impressions every year for Chetan. Nice. That's like the standard we follow. That's great. So yeah.  So anyway, that is for you to understand how good I am with you. So this is the system we are following right now.  So every client will have something like this, LinkedIn Post, Content Strategy, Profile Optimization. We do profile optimizations for every client.  And we have reports as well. I haven't generated any report for Chetan so far. This is like 26, 24 Jan, 25 Jan report, guess.  And how do generate that?

25:29 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Do you just export the LinkedIn stats and do this? Yes. Yes. I export the LinkedIn stats.

25:35 - Sudeesh D S
  So it will be here. We'll share LinkedIn data.

25:38 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And we write like, you know, what are the things that we have to improve and stuff like that.

25:44 - Sudeesh D S
  Correct. So I took Chetan's profile on 24th December. So in one month we added 5k followers with 400k impressions.  So there was this one post I wrote for him, which went viral initially. That changed the game for Chetan.  Yeah. So this is the reports we generate for clients. I will show you recent reports also for another client that we have built.  Okay, so LinkedIn posts. This is how it looks. So every content will have its, like, you know, content is written here for clients to, like, read with the title, content status, idea under development, under review, ready to publish, on hold, etc.  Content format, video, carousel, image, text, etc. Content pillar, market analysis, client testimonial, industry insights, whatever it is. Plan date, actual publishing date, what are the comments we got, impressions we got, likes we got, published links, stuff like that.  I haven't updated this because it keeps changing, right? So ideally I should update this every month, but I haven't done that because it's too much of a process for me.  I don't how to automate that, but I'm not worried about that right now. Okay. Okay. So this is one system that we have, and so let's say Florian.  So this is how actually it looks. So if they have any other requirements, like one of my clients wants to start doing videos, okay?  So video scripts for the client. This is out of the scope. So sometimes it comes, I just create a page in the Notion, okay?  So LinkedIn post, it looks same. It's same for everyone. This is the method I've been using from past two and a half years.  Okay.

27:34 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Okay? So content strategy, what are the strategies for this particular client?

27:39 - Sudeesh D S
  These are all, like, you know, I have this in Notion, but I haven't used it.

27:43 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yeah, because it's too much of manual work. Manual work. So it is profile optimization, like, you know, what should be the abort section, what should be the profile headline, stuff like that.

27:54 - Sudeesh D S
  Correct. And the requirements from the client.

27:58 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So this is something I could not get.

28:00 - Sudeesh D S
  From any client so far, because they are busy, if I have, if I go in meetings, I get meeting notes, I am, it is too much for me to come and come back here and like, you know, add the requirements.  So we had these forms for all the leads and clients. So they took their own time to like, you know, complete those forms and get back to us.  So it's like too much of to and fro, right? I don't know how to like, you know, fix these things, but I'm just showing you what all they are in the, this.  So this is minutes of meetings.

28:34 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So every meeting we keep updating their, okay, performance reports.

28:42 - Sudeesh D S
  So this is how it would ideally look.

28:53 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And let's say we have, so when we take them for personal branding, we also run campaigns.

29:00 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. Connecting them to their peers, connecting them to their ICP on LinkedIn. So we run their campaign. So what should be the message?  Yeah.

29:09 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So we add all this and get approval from the client.

29:14 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay.

29:15 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  And how do they approve on WhatsApp? So ideally here they should have an option where they like drop down these, like, you select the status approved from the drop down.  No, Now we can improve it, but how they are doing it right now? WhatsApp. And they can edit this also.

29:36 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. Like, let's say if they feel like, you know, this is not something I want, they can edit this or they can comment.  They can say, okay, I don't want this. I want Severus instead of Polar. So things like that. This is German.

29:51 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So things like that. So this is how the client personal branding folder would look like.

29:57 - Sudeesh D S
  And this was the client onboarding form. This is how it looks.

30:19 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  This is for personal branding, this is for outreach.

30:21 - Sudeesh D S
  So for every client, we would have, okay, I will show you Orbitix. This is not organized. Outreach is not organized at all, because I take care of, I don't take care of outreach.  Yeah. So this is how it should look like. So campaign name, campaign channel, what is the description, what is the status of the campaign, audience, campaign start date, tools used, campaign output.  Okay, this is something I built. Okay, but they did not follow. My co-founder and his team did not follow it because they were too busy taking care of things, which I understand.  Obviously, that's the problem. So this would look like this. What is the copy? If it is approved, launched, or whatever it is.  So this is how it looks. And channels, LinkedIn and email.

31:40 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  LinkedIn and email are the only channels that we use.

31:43 - Sudeesh D S
  Those are the only channels that perform well. Okay, so this is one thing. And we have some portfolio stuff like that.  Okay. Drop clients. The clients that we have dropped so far. So that to have the data. That's it. Okay.  Now, very important aspect of the OS. Ops. Ops. So we have invoices, GST invoices, export invoices, Vodule invoices, okay?  And we have non-GST invoices because some people doesn't want to pay using GST. And we have my co-founders invoices.  And we have clients listed, who are the clients, company details, what is the project, what is the price, start date, contract end date.

32:43 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So this is something, another huge thing that we don't do, that is contract renewal. Understood.

32:49 - Sudeesh D S
  We never did contract renewal with any client except Chetan. Okay. It just goes on. It just goes on. Okay.  We had these two things, Client Expenses and Monthly Expenses. Client Expenses is redundant, I would say. But anyway, I wanted everything at one place, that is Monthly Expenses.  Let's say for Chetan, we spend $5,000 on September.

33:16 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Category would be SaaS or Marketing.

33:21 - Sudeesh D S
  Marketing, Software, and Client Project, this is for Chetan, so stuff like that. A receipt, payment method, notes. So all the expenses comes under this.  But the problem is, I'll show you the problem. So this is September, right? Yeah.

33:43 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  August is empty, July is empty, June is empty.

33:48 - Sudeesh D S
  I did once in April, then I did not do again. So I was taking care of all this and it's too much to handle.  Often, Armored when you fade. Four or five months is empty.

34:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So that's the biggest problem I have.

34:11 - Sudeesh D S
  Understood.

34:12 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So how many clients you have right now?

34:15 - Sudeesh D S
  Right now, we have three clients for personal branding and two clients for outbound. I have to let go of one outbound client because I'll be handling outbound.

34:28 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I'm like, you know, reshuffling stuff once, like, you my co-founder made a division of leaving the agency. His team also wanted to explore other opportunities.

34:41 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah. For example, Nikhil, the guy you met, he wants to explore other opportunities. Okay. So I'm like, you know, kind of restarting everything.  I'm going aggressive on one second.

34:59 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  again. ... ... One second. Charge. Charge.

36:23 - Sudeesh D S
  So I'm going aggressive on clients now, our personal client, and I'm restructuring the message and everything, okay? So far, we are, like, we were very light on our message.  So going forward, my theme is very simple. I want to work with clients who are delusionally ambitious, someone who wants to get stuff done, okay?  See, my biggest mistake running this agency was working with clients who were not ambitious, okay? Yeah.

36:58 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  If I have... Clients like Chetan, maybe like another five clients like Chetan, I'll be comfortably making 10-15 lakhs alone per month.  Because Chetan is ambitious, Chetan wants to grow.

37:16 - Sudeesh D S
  And I have autonomous authority when I'm working with Chetan.

37:22 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Because he trusts me, I trust him.

37:25 - Sudeesh D S
  You won't believe, it's been more than two years since I took approval for any of the content I have posted.

37:35 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So that's the amount of trust we have with us.

37:41 - Sudeesh D S
  I only reach out to him when there is a figure, when there is amount mentioned in the books. Because I don't want to go wrong there.  And Chetan also believes that publicity is publicity, even if it is negative, people would still... I get noticed because someone wants my service.  That has always worked for me. So, Sudeesh, don't worry about it. Just do whatever you do. It's going good.  That's what Chetan keeps telling me. So I want to work with those founders who are very delusional about growth.

38:18 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  They believe that, hey, maybe I'm zero today, but in a year, I'll be earning like 20, 30 Lakhs per month alone.

38:28 - Sudeesh D S
  That is the level of clients I want to work with.

38:31 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So my messaging, everything, template, everything will change.

38:35 - Sudeesh D S
  So far, we had clients who used to take one or two weeks just to review the post. Okay. And see, while you're following up with your current clients on getting approvals or getting them on calls, you can't focus on generating new leads.  Correct. That's it. Things have to move fast. For example, let's say you're working with Chetan. If it takes forever for you to get Chetan's approval on stuff, whatever you're building, the features or whatever it is, then you can't focus on the new leads.  That's how the agencies get bonded. Okay.

39:20 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So I definitely don't want to work with such clients. In the two months, that's the target.

39:24 - Sudeesh D S
  Before Nikhil leaves, Nikhil will be with us for another two months.

39:29 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Before Nikhil leaves, I'll be, my target is 50 to 60K per month, 10 clients. Okay.

39:38 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. So that's the target. And I can easily handle 10 clients.

39:44 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Handling 10 clients is not a problem at all.

39:46 - Sudeesh D S
  So that is where I'm with personal branding, right?

39:50 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  For personal branding alone, if I get like, you know, two, three outbound clients, Nikhil will, I will retain Nikhil.

39:56 - Sudeesh D S
  I'll pay him like 60-70K per month and I'll retain Nikhil. you. Sure, understood.

40:02 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Okay. And apart from Nikhil, how many more employees you have? We had three more employees who were working for content and stuff.

40:10 - Sudeesh D S
  I fired everyone last month. Because I want to restructure, everything is  up, everything is messed. It's too much all over the place.  Yeah, I can understand that.

40:23 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So there will be only two users, right? You and Nikhil, who will be using this? Yes. Right now, yes.  I told you I will show you something, right?

40:37 - Sudeesh D S
  One second. Proposants, custom. Yes. So I got this idea a few months, like one month back, I guess. But I could never get on this.  One second. One second, when my CA is calling, we need some OTP.

42:05 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Thank you. Thank you. Bye.

46:13 - Sudeesh D S
  Aravind, sorry, Namino Matar, okay, okay, no issues, custom proposals, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm also sending you the new link once this meeting ends, right, you can join this, okay, on the tender, stop sharing, let's see it.  So this was just an idea, okay, this has too much of information, I don't want this level of information.  A lot of AI sloppies there in this one. yeah. You can buy one crisp version, no man. So I wanted to show them what is the process, how much it would cost them, and how much time they want to spend on this.  That was the idea. Interesting.

48:16 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Okay, so 20 minutes weekly call, zero production cost, 100% approval, something like this.

48:22 - Sudeesh D S
  So prepared for Dr. Vinod Kumar, Atam Undeco. So this was just an idea. Yeah. Okay. I not get a chance to even send that guy on July 29th.  Yeah. Okay.

48:38 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I'm so sorry. One second.

48:41 - Sudeesh D S
  Adun, I see a call. No, no, no.

49:04 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yes.

50:01 - Sudeesh D S
  So this is what is happening. Okay.

50:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Makes sense. So this, so the process, I have an idea. So, okay, there is an operating system, which you will have, right?  That's the first thing. There will be another system, which your clients can access from your website. Okay. And you know what PWA?  Yes.

50:32 - Sudeesh D S
  Right.

50:33 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So we can have them install a PWA one time.

50:37 - Sudeesh D S
  Right.

50:38 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Now your website will be, your complete personal branding service will act as a productized service. So they will access your service on the app itself.  Right. If you send them, for example, anything for approval, they will get a WhatsApp notification. They will get a WhatsApp message too, and they can approve it in the app also.  So for the only problem, which when we interact with clients, we face that they do not want to access or open a third-party app or a third app.  It's a lot of friction and pressure. If we have them do the same thing on WhatsApp itself, it will be easy for them.  That's the first thing, right? And if they want a full-fledged version where they are commenting or adding highlighted reviews or something, they can come to our app and open the app directly from WhatsApp itself, right?  So in that way, by doing that, we can reduce that friction as much as possible. Okay. That is the first thing.  I mean, one is the customer-facing platform, what we will have, and second one is the platform which will help you automate most of your stuff internally.

51:56 - Sudeesh D S
  Okay. So going forward, So

52:00 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So you'll have to employ less people for the same product or service, and with each client onboarded, you will have the service more and more automated.  So, for example, if you are managing 10 clients at a time, and if you have two employees, you can have 10 more, but these two employees can manage those 10 more also, because everything will be pretty much automated.  Everything will be happening in the background, and no one will ever be, I mean, bothered to look into it, what is happening.  So, that is the first thing. So, look, so you told me all the features, right? I just want two things from you.  Add me to Notion. That is the first thing. I'll understand your complete system.

52:51 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah, you can do it right now. Tell me your email ID. Aravind, A-R-A-V-I-N-D, at Facebook.com. All the time. Okay.

53:01 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  I'll add you as a member, from how many years you are doing this? May 2024, Aravind, A-R-A-V-I-N-D, at the end BaseWorks.in, I'm adding you as a member, technically you should have access to you.

54:00 - Sudeesh D S
  All the pages just check and except for like everything is confidential there because it has kind of like in a client's details.  It also has clients LinkedIn ID and everything so be careful.

55:04 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Yeah, I got it. You have access?

55:08 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah. Let me know if you don't have access to anything. I'll just change it. Sure, sure, sure.

55:16 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  As what I can see from here, I think I have access to almost everything. Yeah, I have. If I need anything, I'll text you.  Okay. Okay.

55:28 - Sudeesh D S
  Just one more thing.

55:37 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So this is Chetan's dashboard.

55:40 - Sudeesh D S
  This is so far this year from ZAN first. Okay. We are at 1.5 million impressions.

55:50 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So for Chetan, it has always been like one of the best. And 2.3 million is 30% less prior to 360 effects.  That is also there.

56:09 - Sudeesh D S
  Yeah, anyway, this is what we have generated for Chetan so far.

56:16 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Nice.

56:21 - Sudeesh D S
  Perfect.

56:22 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  So this is it.

56:25 - Sudeesh D S
  So I guess we pretty much covered everything within one hour. Let's, if you are open to, if you are okay with it, let's start the X.  I will handle your X personally. Yeah. Yeah. And of course, initially you will go through the content before approving.  Sure. We'll have at least three, four tweets per day.

56:49 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  But I want even you to open it. Should I buy this one, premium account for this? Not right now.  Not right now.

56:57 - Sudeesh D S
  Let's start writing first. Sure. But I want you to, I will share you the list, I will follow those people, some big, like, you know, important names in the industry, so that the opportunities opens up for you.  I want you to engage with their tweets here and there in a day, like at least, like, you spend an hour on X.  Sure, sure, sure. Okay. I will explain you, like, you know, all the things, and I will also start working on my X.  We'll have the same branding. Okay, sure. Okay. Will you be open if we create a X-Page base engine? Yeah.

57:38 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  With your branding and everything, of course, the branding is good. You do whatever you want to do.

57:43 - Sudeesh D S
  I have no problem. I trust you. At the end of the day, we have to meet. So, yeah, that's the target.  And one last thing that I want to ask, Aravind, I mean, not right now, but do you have plans to move?  to core product in future, building a core product in future. Yeah.

58:06 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  Look, so why I'm doing this is because, uh, with me, resources are pretty limited right now. So base engine, this complete product as service helps me to understand two things.  One, the internals of our org works and organization works, right? How the adoption happens, what all are the bottom next, I mean, everything on the product side, right?  I understand, I mean, pretty much a lot of nuances of different industries. So, I mean, this is not the real thing, real thing will happen.  I think some one or two, three years down the line where I build a great product around some industry.  So that, that is an eventual plan, right? Because these things will scale for sure. It will take me to a few crores for sure, but this will not take me to million.  Millions and Billions, I have to come up with some product, or, sorry, I call it unapologetically ambitious, yeah, we have to be, otherwise there is no, this thing, but yeah, mean, there is this, another, this thing also, the way AI is growing and the way industry is changing, Pace Engine can turn into a full-dredged product, you never know, right?  Makes sense, yeah, makes sense. Done, Aravind, will, can we have a landing page for Base Engine alone? Do we already have it?

59:38 - Sudeesh D S
  We have, we have, I'll share you the link on our channel. Yeah, please share me the link, I'll just go through it.

59:44 - Aravind (BaseWorks)
  We'll revamp the X for all of us, and we'll start working on And when you want this to be started, your operating system thing?  I mean, if you want, you can start today, so I can, like, you know, send you the subscription amount.

1:00:00 - Sudeesh D S
  B.